Added changelogs and changed version numbers (#2658)
plentymarkets/plugin-ceres: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

# Release Notes for Ceres

## v5.0.22 (2021-02-11) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plugin-ceres/compare/5.0.21...5.0.22" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><b>Overview of all changes</b></a>

### Fixed 

- Due to an error, Google reCAPTCHA prevented the sending of contact forms that included an attached file. This has been fixed.
- The file selection of the email attachment widget can now be opened by clicking the input field.
- Selected files in the email attachment widget can now be deleted.

> - Due to an error, autocompletion filled out several honeypots in Chrome. This has been fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under certain circumstances, autocompletion could fill out several honeypots in Chrome. This has been fixed.
```
